# This is a Rust Core Developer interview challenge


This repository contains a basic (autogenerated) implementation of a graph data structure, which can do the following basic operations:


- CRUD:
    - Create empty graph
    - Add a vertex to the graph
    - Add an edge to the graph
    - Remove a vertex from the graph
    - Remove an edge from the graph
    - Get neighbors of a vertex
- Persistence:
    - Persist the graph to a file
    - Load the graph from a file
- Algorithms
    - Given a pair of vertices, find the shortest path between them

## Usage

- The `Graph` struct is implemented in `src/graph.rs`.
- Persistence uses `bincode` for binary serialization.

### Running tests

```
cargo test
```

### Running benchmarks

```
cargo bench --features bench
```

## The Challenge

The challenge of this interview is to propose an improvement to the current implementation of the algorithm.

What can be improved:

- Speed of shortest path search. For example: 
    - by using SIMD instructions.
    - by parallelization
- Memory usage. For example by changing data structures, but without sacrificing performance.
- Ability to work with graph without loading it into memory.
- Ability to partially update persisted graph.
- Making the graph lock-free
- Making graph reading utilise Async IO.

Please feel free to choose any of the proposed improvements or propose your own.
Prefere selecting a task which would demonstrate your skills and would be interesting to you.

## Submission

Please submit your solution as a pull request to this repository.
Provide a short description of the changes you made and why you made them.
Provide relevant benchmark results vs the current implementation (if applicable), or test scenario which would demonstrate functionality if it is not present in current benchmark.

Backward compatibility is not required, you can change the API of the Graph or persistency format if it is justified.

For example, if you are implementing ability to work with graph without loading it into memory, please provide a test scenario which would demonstrate operation of graph which doesn't fit into memory.

Feel free to use any tools you need to develop your solution, but please try to minimize the number of dependencies. E.g. please try to avoid using any existing crates for graph algorithms.



